Travel Agency 

A travel agency wants to satisfy both mountain tourism and island tourism.
To offer the best possible services, the agency will ask every destination clear data about itself: the country where the destination can be found, the city, but also the name of the destination. Also, for every destination there will be a list with the reviews and the price of staying there per day.

The destinations also have their particularities: island destinations can be of two types: at the sea or at the ocean. Each one will also memorize the number of islands near by the location.
Anyone who will visit the mountain destination will know the height of the closest mountain peak, the distance to it and also the number of mountain trails from the area

The reviews will contain the client's name, the lenght of stay(in days) and a grade between 1 and 10. 

The agency will offer discounts, and in the beginning there will be three types: MountainsDiscount, IslandsDiscount, PercentileDiscount.

Tasks:

Implement correctly and completely the class hierarchy.
Also create the class TravelAgency which will be able to memorize a vector of Destinations dynamicly allocated.
	


In the main function add an example which contains at least 5 destinations of different types, but also a TravelAgency object in which to add them.

Create a method which will set one of the discounts.

Create a method which will show some data about each destiantion: the name of the destination, the city, the country, the number of reviews and their average. After each destination the discounted price will be printed. The price will be discounted by the maximum value discount, not by all of them.


BONUS: creati o functie cu antetul 

map<Destination*, Review**> reviews()
..sau map<Destination*, vector<Review*> > reviews()

Si o functie 

map<Review*, Destination*> reviewsDestination()

Prima functie va calcula asocierea dintre fiecare destinatie in parte si recenziile acesteia, iar cea de-a doua va retine pentru fiecare recenzie in parte destinatia din care aceasta face parte.
Aveti grija ca daca implementati aceasta functie, veti castiga pana la +2.5p bonus complex.


Bonus 2 -> Singleton class
Bonus 3 -> Interactive menu that lets us:
		1. Pick one of the tasks and run it
		2. Add destinations
		3. Delete destinations
Bonus 4 -> Error testing: A percentile discount always has a value lower than 50%.
